update community extensions (#719)
asreview/asreview: docs/source/extensions/overview_extensions.rst

of the core project:

- :doc:`extension_covid19`: Make literature on COVID-19 available in ASReview.
- :doc:`extension_visualization`: Plotting functionality for state files 
  produced by ASReview.
- :doc:`extension_wordcloud`: Create a visual impression of the contents of 
  datasets via a wordcloud.
- `ASReview-statistics <https://github.com/asreview/asreview-statistics>`__: 
  Tool to give some basic properties of a dataset, such as number of papers, 

>   number of inclusions. 
> .. - `ASReview-vocab-extractor <https://github.com/asreview/asreview-extension-vocab-extractor>`__: This extension adds two feature extractors that extract vocabulary and vector matrices during simulation phases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  number of inclusions. 

.. - `ASReview-vocab-extractor <https://github.com/asreview/asreview-extension-vocab-extractor>`__: This extension adds two feature extractors that extract vocabulary and vector matrices during simulation phases.
```

> .. - ``asreview-hyperopt``: Optimize the hyperparameters of the models in ASReview. `GitHub <https://github.com/asreview/asreview-hyperopt>`__

Reviewer: Commented? Shouldn't this be included?

Author: I figured its outdated and "❗Highly experimental❗". Ill include it

- :doc:`extension_covid19`: Make literature on COVID-19 available in ASReview.
- :doc:`extension_visualization`: Plotting functionality for state files produced by ASReview.
- :doc:`extension_wordcloud`: Create a visual impression of the contents of datasets via a wordcloud.
- `ASReview-statistics <https://github.com/asreview/asreview-statistics>`__: Tool to give some basic properties of a dataset, such as number of
  papers, number of inclusions. 
- `ASReview-vocab-extractor <https://github.com/asreview/asreview-extension-vocab-extractor>`__: This extension adds two feature extractors that extract vocabulary and vector matrices during simulation phases.

> .. - ``asreview-hyperopt``: Optimize the hyperparameters of the models in ASReview. `GitHub <https://github.com/asreview/asreview-hyperopt>`__

Reviewer: @Rensvandeschoot what do you think? This reverts the previous change.

Community-maintained extensions
-------------------------------

ASReview has support for community-maintained extensions, that enable you to seemlessly integrate 

> your own code with the ASReview framework. These extensions can extend the software with new 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your code with the ASReview framework. These extensions can extend the software with new 
```

> classifiers, query strategies, balance strategies, and feature extraction techniques.

Reviewer: Make clear that it can extend subcommands, models, datasets? The classifiers, query strategies, balance strategies, and feature extraction techniques are part of models.

> A template for creating your own ASReview extension can be found here: `Template <https://github.com/asreview/template-extension-new-model>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A template for creating an ASReview extension can be found here: `Template <https://github.com/asreview/template-extension-new-model>`__.
```

> A template for creating your own ASReview extension can be found here: `Template <https://github.com/asreview/template-extension-new-model>`__.

Reviewer: I think I prefer to point to the documentation instead of the template. The template is limited compared what ASReview offers for developers. 

https://asreview.readthedocs.io/en/latest/API/extensions_dev.html

> The following extensions are developed and currently maintained by the ASReview community:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following extensions are developed and maintained by the ASReview community:
```

* ASReview CNN classifier 

>     - This repository contains a extention for ASReview logo. This plugin adds a convolutional neural network (CNN) model, that has been shown to outperform classical algorithms.

Reviewer: "that has been shown to outperform classical algorithms" Is this true?

>     - This repository contains a extention for ASReview logo. This plugin adds a convolutional neural network (CNN) model, that has been shown to outperform classical algorithms.

Reviewer: `This repository contains a extention for ASReview logo. ` ?
